Dear board members and managers, today I would like to address an important issue regarding cybersecurity. Recently, the media reported several data breach incidents that have raised concerns about our company's security measures. According to a report by the Australian Information Commissioner's Office, throughout the 2023 years, malicious or criminal attacks accounted for 67-71 per cent of incidents, human error accounted for 26-30 per cent, and system failures is 3-4 per cent, and we'll be focusing on the first two this time around. According to the report, a quarter (25%) of data breaches during the reporting period were caused by compromised or stolen account credentials. The Latitude financial hack in first half of 23 years, which stole user data, was caused by hackers gaining access to Latitude employees' login details. The Tesla data breach in the second half of 23 years was caused by human error. As former employees illegally accessed and leaked data.
There are several lessons to be learned from these incidents and reports. First, employee passwords within the company must be unique and strong, and corresponding identity management and authentication need to be implemented. For example, two-step verification should be enabled, and only the minimum permissions should be given to employees in the corresponding positions. Secondly, the company needs to modify or cancel accounts for employees who have left the company. Finally, the most important thing is to provide security training to employees, requiring them not to use company computers to click on suspicious links and other risky operations. At the same time, it is crucial to do a good job of basic defence preparation and have the appropriate contingency plan. When unauthorized access to the system is detected, we need to assess and review the scope of the impact immediately so that the first response and public relations can be made to reduce the extent of the effect. More details will be provided in a later report. Thanks for listening.